[ENH] Add example config for deploying a node behind NGINX and clarify data uploading (#240)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/maintaining.md

## Updating the data in your graph

The Neurobagel deployment recipe launches a dedicated graph database that stores the datasets for a single node.

> The data in this graph database is defined using the [`LOCAL_GRAPH_DATA` environment variable](config.md#environment-variables), and can be changed at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data in this graph database is loaded from the  location specified in the 
[`LOCAL_GRAPH_DATA` environment variable](config.md#environment-variables), 
and can be changed at any time.
```
